Acdp 224 (#7)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: ActindoWorkFlow/Operation/02_TrackWorkflowProcess.md

For detailed information about individual process actions, see [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status) .   
For detailed information about tokens, see [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content).

### Next steps

- [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status)
- [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content)

### See also

- [Troubleshooting](#to-be-determined)

## Check the process action status

The process action status can be checked to prove which actions have already been executed, if problems have occurred and at what place.

The *Process ID* view displays a diagram of the selected process including all places and actions. If the process is currently active, the process execution can be observed in real time.

Further details about the process actions included in the diagram as well as about the logs and tokens are displayed in separate tabs in the bottom part of the *Process ID* view.

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).

> - A workflow process has been initiated, see [Link](#to-be-determined).

Author: ```suggestion
- A workflow process has been initiated.
```

### Procedure

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Select process*

![Process actions](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/ProcessActions.png "[Process actions]")

1. Click the *Actions* tab in the bottom part of the *Process ID* view.   
  The *Actions* tab is displayed.

  > [Info] By default, the *Actions* tab is preselected.

  [comment]: <> (By default? Actions Reiter scheint standardmäßig ausgewählt zu sein, wenn man einen Prozess aus der Liste anklickt. Das heißt, erster Schritt etwas überflüssig)

2. Click the *Status* drop-down list and select the **All** option.    
  All actions, regardless of their status, are displayed.

>   > [Info] By default, the *Actions* tab lists all actions contained in the selected process.

Author: ```suggestion
```
würde das hier rausnehmen, weil es nicht wirklich by default ist, sondern von der Filtereinstellung abhängt.

[comment]: <> (OLI: wenn eine Action/Token in einem Prozess ausgewählt werden, wird es als Filtereinstellung übernommen. Diese Filtereinstellung bleibt erhalten, auch man zu einem anderen Prozess wechlselt, daher sieht man nicht alle Actions, auch wenn auf "All" klickt. Bug oder erwartetes Verhalten?)

3. Check the actions displayed in the diagram.  
The workflow process diagram displays the actions in different colours depending on their current status:

  - Active (blue)
  - Done (green)
  - Waiting (white)
  - Error (red)

>   - Dead (black)

Reviewer: Ich denke, die Status auf der drop-down Liste und auf der Graphik heißen anders (ich habe diese Statusnamen oben aus dem Wissentransfervideo genommen - vielleicht gibt es tatsächlich kein "Dead", bin mir da unsicher). Aber ich finde, es wäre gut, wenn sie alle vereinheitlicht werden, sofern es geht. Ich warte das Gespräch mit Oli ab.

 [comment]: <> (Andere möglichen Status? Vgl. mit Status in Actions Reiter: Active, Done, Error, Error; automatic retry, Suspended, Process aborted. Farben stimmen oder ändern sich noch?)

 [comment]: <> (Oli: Statuses Error; automatic retry, Suspended and Process aborted. Wo stellt man "automatic retry" ein?)

4. Click the action to be checked in the diagram.  
The selected action is displayed in the *Actions* tab.

> 5. Check the action status in the *Status* column and any further relevant information about the action displayed in the following columns:
> 
>   - *Tries*: The number of times an action has been tried.
>   - *Maximal retries after error*: The number of times an action must be retried after error.
>   - *Queue type*: The *Default* queue type is normally selected. For detailed information about configuring queue types, see [Configure the queue types](#to-be-competed).
> 
>     > [Info] A different queue type can be selected by editing an action, see [Edit an action](01_ManageWorkflows.md#edit-an-action).
> 
>   - *Defer until*: The next point in time when the action is being tried.

Author: Würde für alles einen eigenen Schritt machen:

```suggestion
5. Check the action status in the *Status* column. The following statuses can be displayed:
- (Liste der Status)
 
6.  Check the number of tries for the action in the *Tries* column. 

7. Check the number of times an action must be retried after error in the *Maximal retries after error* column.

8. Check the assigned queue type in the *Queue type* column.    

    > [Info] The queue type is assigned to an action when editing a workflow, see [Edit an action](01_ManageWorkflows.md#edit-an-action).

9.  Check the time when the action is being tried in the *Defer until* column. ```

[comment]: <> (Oli: Is it possible to configure it somehow, i.e. Tries, Maximal retries after error and Defer until?)

> 6. If an error is displayed, a troubleshooting procedure can be performed. For detailed information, see [Troubleshooting](ActindoWorkFlow/Troubleshooting/00_Troubleshooting.md).

Author: ```suggestion
6. If an error is displayed, the procedure can be retried, see [Retry a process](/ActindoWorkFlow/Troubleshooting/to_be_determined).
```

  > [Info] The *Token* tab displays detailed information about the tokens being processed in the actions. For detailed information about tokens, see [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content).

> 7. Check the *Logs* tab for further details on the error displayed.

Author: hier nachhören, was in den Logs angezeigt wird -> ein error ist ja nicht in der Procedure vorgesehen, daher müsste das dann eher in ner Info eingebunden werden

  > [Info] A list of all actions, regardless of the process they are part of, can be displayed in the *Process Actions* tab. They can be filtered according to their status and modified simultaneously, if necessary. By clicking a specific action in the process actions list, the corresponding process will be displayed.

[comment]: <> (Oli: Logs tab auch nur in Troubleshooting oder in separatem Kapitel? Process actions wird zu einem ein Tab unter Processes, richtig?)

### Next steps

- [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content)

### See also

- [Troubleshooting](#to-be-determined)

## Check the token status and content

The token status and content can be checked to see how data progress within a process and, if necessary, detect and solve any data type related issues.   

> The *Tokens* tab displays the tokens being processed. A token is a piece of data needed to complete an action, for example a document. When a transaction is performed, a token is generated, for instance an invoice, which in turn initiates the workflow process.

Author: definition of token -> gespräch mit oli abwarten

A process is started with one token at the start point, which will be input in an action to be executed. In turn, an action can output several tokens, which will become inputs for subsequent actions. It is therefore possible that a place contains several tokens, for example, several delivery notes issued for different parts of a same order. Each token will then be processed separately, that means, that the subsequent actions will be executed once for each token available.

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).

> - A workflow process has been initiated, see [Link](#to-be-determined).

Author: ```suggestion
- A workflow process has been initiated.
```

### Procedure

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Select process*

![Workflow](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Tokens.png "[Workflow]")

1. Click the *Tokens* tab.  

> If the *Hide processed* toggle is active, only the tokens currently waiting to be further processed are displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
The *Tokens* tab with a list of all tokens within the selected process is displayed.
> [Info] If the *Hide processed* toggle is active, only the tokens currently waiting to be further processed are displayed.
```

> 2. Deselect the *Hide processed* toggle, if active.  

Author: ```suggestion
2. Disable the *Hide processed* toggle.  
```

4. Select a place in the diagram.  
Depending on its status and the toggle settings, the token input in the selected place is displayed in the *Tokens* tab.

5. Check the token status in the *Status* column.  
The following statuses are available:

  - Processed (green)
  - Being processed (blue)
  - Ready (grey)
  - Error (red)

  [comment]: <> (Oli: Andere Status? Status korrekt? Farben bei Dead, Suspended, Aborted? Vgl. Status/Farben Places/Actions/Tokens -> ähnlich aber leicht unterschiedlich. Ist es möglich zu vereinheitlichen?)

  Check any relevant information about the token displayed in the following columns:  

  - *Place*: The place where the token has been input.
  - *Data*: The type of data contained in the token.
  - *Next possible action(s)*: The next compatible action(s) where the token can be input.

[comment]: <> (OLI: Next possible action/s? Data - Token, sind die beiden Synonyme, wie kann man beide im Bezug zueinander besser beschreiben?)

6. Click on an action in the diagram to display further information in the *Actions* tab. For detailed information about checking action status, see [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status).

> 7. Check the *Logs* tab for further details on any process action.

Author: Schritt 6 vielleicht rausnehmen? oder Verbindung zu Tokens klarmachen

Logs vielleicht eher in Info

[!!Workflows](ActindoWorkFlow)

# Track the workflow process

A process is an instance of a workflow. When an operation is performed, a data entity is generated, for example an invoice, which in turn initiates a workflow process. Therefore, for every single operation performed, an individual instance of the corresponding workflow, that is, a process, is initiated.

> A process has a start and an end point, as well as different stages (places and actions) which the initial data goes through in order to be processed. For a detailed description of the workflow elements, see [Workflow and process elements](/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/02_WorkflowProcessElements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A process has a start and an end place, as well as different stages (places and actions) which the initial data goes through in order to be processed. For a detailed description of the workflow elements, see [Workflow and process elements](/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/02_WorkflowProcessElements.md).
```

The workflow process can be tracked to check the status of a whole process or of individual actions, as well as the status and the content of a token.

## Check the process status

The process status can be checked to monitor how far a process has progressed, detect potential problems, and solve any problems that may occur as a result of a misconfiguration or any other external issues, so that the process can continue running.

> The *OVERVIEW* tab in the *Processes* menu entry displays a list of all processes that are currently being executed or have been executed in the system. Per default, all existing processes are displayed but can also be filtered according to different criteria.

Author: ```suggestion
The *OVERVIEW* tab in the *Processes* menu entry displays a list of all processes that are currently being executed or have been executed in the system. By default, all existing processes are displayed but can also be filtered according to different criteria.
```

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
- A workflow process has been initiated.

### Procedure

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW*

![Processes](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Processes.png "[Processes]")

1. Click the *Status* drop-down list and select the **All** option.  
All processes, regardless of their status, are displayed.

2. Click the *Workflow* drop-down list and select a desired workflow type.  
All processes of the selected workflow are displayed.

3. Check the status of the desired process in the *Status* column of the processes list.

4. If desired, click a process to display the *Process ID* view, which includes a diagram of the process and detailed information about the individual process actions and tokens.    

> For detailed information about individual process actions, see [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status) .   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information about individual process actions, see [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status).   
```

Further details about the process actions included in the diagram as well as about the logs and tokens are displayed in separate tabs at the bottom of the *Process ID* view.

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
- A workflow process has been initiated.

### Procedure

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Select process*

![Process actions](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/ProcessActions.png "[Process actions]")

1. Click the *Actions* tab at the bottom of the *Process ID* view.   
  The *Actions* tab is displayed.

  > [Info] By default, the *Actions* tab is preselected.

2. Click the *Status* drop-down list and select the **All** option.    
  All actions, regardless of their status, are displayed.

[comment]: <> (OLI: wenn eine Action/Token in einem Prozess ausgewählt werden, wird es als Filtereinstellung übernommen. Diese Filtereinstellung bleibt erhalten, auch man zu einem anderen Prozess wechlselt, daher sieht man nicht alle Actions, auch wenn auf "All" klickt. Bug oder erwartetes Verhalten?)

> 3. Check the actions displayed in the diagram. The workflow process diagram displays the actions in different colours depending on their current status:

Author: ```suggestion
3. Check the actions displayed in the diagram. The workflow process diagram displays the actions in different colors depending on their current status:
```
AE...

  - Active (blue)
  - Done (green)
  - Error (red)

>   - Error; automatic retry (red?)

Reviewer 2: does not have a color, because that state is never displayed, it is automatically back on "active" since its retried immediately

[comment]: <> (Bezug zu Logs hier? Wenn man ein Action auswählt und dann auf Logs tab klickt, zeigt Logs tab alle Logs, nicht das Log, das sich auf die ausgewählte Action bezieht. Bug oder erwartetes Verhalten?)

### Next steps

- [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content)

### See also

- [Retry a single process action](/ActindoWorkFlow/Troubleshooting/02_RetryProcessAction.md#retry-a-single-process-action)
- [Retry multiple process actions](/ActindoWorkFlow/Troubleshooting/02_RetryProcessAction.md#retry-multiple-process-actions)
- [Workflow and process elements](/ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/02_WorkflowProcessElements.md)
- [Workflows](/ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/02a_Workflows.md)
- [Processes](/ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/03a_Processes.md)
- [Process actions](/ActindoWorkFlow/UserInterface/04a_ProcessActions.md)

## Check the token status and content

The token status and content can be checked to monitor how data progress within a process and, if necessary, detect and solve any data type related issues.   

> The *Tokens* tab displays the tokens being processed. A token is a container carrying any data needed to complete an action, which could be a number or a document. When a operation is performed, a data entity is generated, for instance an invoice, which in turn initiates the workflow process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Tokens* tab displays the tokens being processed. A token is a container carrying any data needed to complete an action, which could be a number or a document for example.
```
I don't understand what the last sentence is supposed to tell me, not relevant when I'm currently looking at a process and its tokens

> A process is started with a single token at the start point, which will be input in an action to be executed. In turn, an action can output several tokens, which will become inputs for subsequent actions. It is therefore possible that a place contains several tokens, for example, several delivery notes issued for different parts of a same order. Each token will then be processed separately, that means, that the subsequent actions will be executed once for each token available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A process is started with a single token at the start place, which will be input in an action to be executed. In turn, an action can output several tokens, which will become inputs for subsequent actions. It is therefore possible that a place contains several tokens, for example, several delivery notes issued for different parts of a same order. Each token will then be processed separately, that means, that the subsequent actions will be executed once for each token available.
```

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
- A workflow process has been initiated.

### Procedure

*Workflows > Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Select process*

![Workflow](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Tokens.png "[Workflow]")

1. Click the *Tokens* tab.  
The *Tokens* tab with a list of all tokens within the selected process is displayed.
> [Info] If the *Hide processed* toggle is active, only the tokens currently waiting to be further processed are displayed.

2. Disable the *Hide processed* toggle.  
 All tokens, including the ones that have already been processed, are displayed.

3. Check the places displayed in the diagram.  

> The places are green if a token has been input (token status is processed or being processed). If no token has been input yet, the places are white.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The places are green if at least token has passed through them, otherwise they are white.
```

 > [Info] A place can contain a black square displaying a number. This number specifies the number of tokens waiting to be processed at that place.

4. Select a place in the diagram.  
The token input in the selected place, if any, is displayed in the *Tokens* tab. Otherwise, an information message is displayed.

5. Check the token status in the *Status* column. The following statuses are available:

  - Processed (green)
  - Being processed (blue)
  - Ready (grey)
  - Error (red)

[comment]: <> (Unsicher über Status hier, da wir in Wissentranfer über Processed/Unprocessed Token Status gesprochen haben, aber tatsächlich andere Status auch vorkommen können.)

> 6. Check the place where the token has been input in the *Place* column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Check the place where the token is located in the *Place* column.
```

> 7. Check the type of data contained in the token in the *Data* column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Check the data contained in the token in the *Data* column.
```

[!!Workflows](ActindoWorkFlow)

# Track the workflow process

> A process is an instance of a workflow. When a transaction is performed, a piece of data is generated, for example an invoice, which in turn initiates a workflow process. Therefore, for every single transaction performed, an individual instance of the corresponding workflow, that is, a process, is initiated.

Author: nicht zwingend eine transaction

Reviewer: Noch offen: Prozesse-Auslöser noch zu besprechen.

> Similarly to a workflow, a process has a start and an end point, as well as different stages (places and actions) which the initial data goes through in order to be processed. For a detailed description of the workflow elements, see [Workflow elements](#01_WorkflowElements.md).

Author: not similarly, but a process is a workflow instance and therefore has the same elements as a workflow.

> The workflow process can be tracked to check the status of a whole process or of individual actions, and to solve any problems that may occurred as a result of a misconfiguration or any other external issues.

Author: + you can check the status & conent of a token

## Check the process status

The *OVERVIEW* tab in the *Processes* menu entry displays a list of all processes that are currently being executed or have been executed in the system. Per default, all existing processes are displayed but can also be filtered according to different criteria.

> 

Author: info: warum mache ich das? -> process status checken, um zu sehen, wie weit ein bestimmter process vorangeschritten ist, um eventuelle probleme zu erkennen und diese lösen zu können und den prozess wieder weiterlaufen lassen

[comment]: <> (UI info -> columns, filter, etc.)

> A *VIEW* can also be created to customize the display options. For detailed information, see [Link](#to-be-completed.).

Author: nicht interessant für das kapitel -> streichen

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
- A workflow process has been initiated, see [Link](#to-be-determined).

### Procedure

> *Workflows > Menu entry Processes > Tab OVERVIEW*

Author: Ohne "Menu entry"

![Processes](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Processes.png "[Processes]")

> 1. Click *Status* drop-down list to filter the processes according to their status, if necessary.   

Author: Click **the**

> All existing processes with the selected status are displayed.

Author: "existing" streichen

>   The following statuses are available:

Author: siehe oben

>   - **All**  

Author: Darstellung Optionen: 
- **All** : All existing processes are displayed. This option is selected per default.

  All existing processes are displayed. This option is selected per default.

  - **Ready**  
  The processes that are ready are displayed.

  - **In progress**  
  The currently active processes are displayed.

  - **Error**  
  The processes that have produced an error are displayed.

  - **Done**  
  The processes that are finished are displayed.

  - **Dead**  
  The processes that are no longer running, probably due to a misconfiguration, are displayed.

  - **Suspended**

  - **Aborted**

[comment]: <> (Process elements/UI folder? Link to UI - Oli: Meaning of Ready, Suspended and Aborted)

> 2. Alternatively, click the *Workflow* drop-down list to display a specific workflow type.

Author: Wenn es "alternatively" ist, kann es kein 2. schritt sein. Dann musst du das in einen schritt unterbringen.  Aber du kannst ja sowohl nach status als auch nach workflow filtern.

All existing processes of the selected workflow type are displayed.

  > [Info] Processes can also be filtered with the filter options. Click the ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") (Filter) button to display the filter options. For detailed information, see [Link](#to-be-completed).

> 3. Check the current process status in the *Status* column.

Author: wenn ich den status gefiltert habe, ist es hier nicht sinnvoll, den status zu checken...

4. Click the checkbox to select the desired process to be checked.  
The toolbar is displayed.

[comment]: <> (Stimmt das? Was macht der Checkbox links?)

> 5. Alternatively, click a process to select it and to check individual process actions.  

Author: siehe oben -> alternatively niemals als eigener schritt

A read-only diagram of the process including all individual places and actions is displayed. For detailed information, see [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status).     

> 

Author: möglicher ablauf dieser procedure:
- filter nach status auf all (ich kenne den status meines prozesses ja nicht und möchte alle prozesse anzeigen)
- filter nach workflow (denn ich möchte ja den status eines bestimmten prozesses checken)
- prozess in liste suchen (ggf. filtermöglichkeiten der spalten nutzen) und status checken
- prozess in liste anklicken, um zu sehen, wo der prozess genau steht (hinweis/verweis auf die anderen procedures zum check der process actions und tokens)

### Next steps

- [Check the process action status](#check-the-process-action-status)
- [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content)

### See also

- [Troubleshooting](#to-be-determined)

## Check the process action status

After selecting a process, the *OVERVIEW* tab displays a read-only diagram of the selected process including all places and actions. If the process is currently active, the process execution can be observed in real time.

> The workflow process diagram displays the actions in different colours depending on their current status:

Author: gehört eher in die procedure als in die introduction

  - Done (green)
  - Active (blue)
  - Waiting (white)
  - Error (red)
  - Dead (black)

  [comment]: <> (Check possible statuses and colours?)

Per default, the *Actions* tab listing all existing actions in the selected process is displayed. The actions are displayed in column view providing further details apart from the status.

> 

Author: info: warum mache ich das? -> process action status checken, um zu sehen, welche actions bereits ausgeführt sind, wo es probleme gibt

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
- A workflow process has been initiated, see [Link](#to-be-determined).

### Procedure

*Workflows > Menu entry Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Select process*

> [comment]: <> (Specify Tab Actions?)

Author: nicht hier

  - **Suspended**

  - **Process aborted**

  > [Info] Actions can also be filtered with the filter options. Click the ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") (Filter) button to display the filter options.

[comment]: <> (Oli: Statuses Error; automatic retry, Suspended and Process aborted. Wo stellt man "automatic retry" ein?)

3. Check the current action status in the *Status* column.  

  > [Info] Further information about the selected action(s) can be found in the *Logs* tab.

4. Check the number of times an action has been tried in the *Tries* column.

5. Check the number of times an action must be retried after error in the *Maximal retries after error* column.

[comment]: <> (Useful for user to mention those options? Is it possible to configure it somehow?)

6. Check the queue type in the *Queue type* column.  
The *Default* queue type is normally selected. For detailed information about configuring queue types, see [Configure the queue types](#to-be-competed).

  > [Info] A different queue type can be selected by editing an action, see [Edit an action](01_ManageWorkflows.md#edit-an-action).

> 7. Check the next point in time when the action is being tried in the *Defer until* column.

Author: zusammenfassen in einem schritt

[comment]: <> (Useful for user to mention it? Is it possible to configure it somehow?)

---
[comment]: <> (Further info probably only for Troubleshooting)

- If an error is displayed, take the necessary action to solve the problem before retrying the action.

  > [Info] Further information about the error displayed can be found in the *Logs* tab.

- Click the checkbox to select the action to be checked.    
The (editing) toolbar is displayed.

  > [Info] If several action have been filtered according to status, it is also possible to select them all simultaneously. Click the checkbox in the column header to select all actions filtered. For detailed information about this process, see [Retry a process action](#to-be-completed).

> - Click the [RETRY] button to execute the action again.

Author: troubleshooting

> 

Author: möglicher ablauf dieser procedure:

- filter nach status auf all (ich will erstmal alle actions anzeigen)
- actions in diagramm anschauen (status farben erklären)
- action in diagramm auswählen (je nach status wird action in tab angezeigt)
- status und weitere infos zu action in tab actions anschauen (spalten erklären: status, tries, max tries,  queue type, defer until)
- hinweis auf troubleshooting bei error, verweis auf tokens
- ggf. logs einschließen -> mit oli klären (vielleicht auch nur in troubleshooting oder in separatem kapitel)

### Next steps

- [Check the token status and content](#check-the-token-status-and-content)

### See also

- [Troubleshooting](#to-be-determined)

## Check the token status and content

The *Tokens* tab displays the tokens that are being or have been processed. A token is a piece of data needed to complete an action, for example a document. When a transaction is performed, a token is generated, for instance an invoice, which in turn initiates the workflow process.

> A process is started with one token at the start point, which will be processed in each action executed and, if necessary, turned into several tokens. It is therefore possible that a place contains several tokens, for example, several delivery notes issued for different parts of a same order. Each token will then be processed separately, that means, that the subsequent actions will be executed once for each available token.

Author: vgl. workflow elements -> not turned into several tokens

> 

Author: info: warum mache ich das? -> token status & content checken, um zu sehen, wo ein prozess hängt, ggf. Schwierigkeiten mit datentyp ausmachen und lösen

### Prerequisites

- A workflow is created, see [Create a workflow](01_ManageWorkflows.md#create-a-workflow).
- A workflow process has been initiated, see [Link](#to-be-determined).

### Procedure

> *Workflows > Menu entry Processes > Tab OVERVIEW > Select process > Tab Tokens*

Author: Tab tokens noch nicht auswählen

> [comment]: <> (Specify Tab Tokens or start with OVERVIEW -> clicking on place shows tokens too?)

Author: Tab tokens noch nicht auswählen

![Workflow](/Assets/Screenshots/ActindoWorkFlow/Workflows/Tokens.png "[Workflow]")

1. Click a place in the workflow process diagram to display the available token(s).  

> The available token(s) in the selected place are displayed in the *Tokens* tab.

Author: tokens werden nur angezeigt, wenn diese den place bereits durchlaufen haben/in progress sind

  > [Info] If the workflow process is finished, all available tokens are placed in the end point.

2.  Check the status of the selected token(s) in the *Status* column.  
  The following statuses are available:

  - Processed (green)
  - Being processed (blue)
  - Ready (grey)
  - Error (red)

> 3. Click the *Hide processed* ![Toggle](/Assets/Icons/Toggle.png "[Toggle]") (Toggle) button to hide the processed tokens.    

Author: standardmäßig ist der toggle glaube ich aktiv...

Reviewer: Ja

All unprocessed tokens are displayed.  

> > [Info] Tokens can also be filtered with the filter options. Click the ![Filter](/Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") (Filter) button to display the filter options. For detailed information, see [Link](#to-be-completed).

Author: streichen -> allgemeine bedienung

4. Check the place where the token(s) are located in the *Place* column.  

> 5. Check what type of data is the selected token in the *Data* column.

Author: zusammen mit status in einen schritt

> 

Author: möglicher ablauf dieser procedure:

- tab tokens wählen
- toggle hide processed deaktivieren (um alle tokens anzuzeigen)
- tokens/places in diagramm anschauen (status farben bei places, schwarze quadrate an places, token status in actions erklären)
- place in diagramm auswählen (je nach status wird token in tab angezeigt)
- status und weitere infos zu token in tab tokens anschauen (spalten erklären: status, place, data, next possible action(s)
- verweis auf actions
- ggf. logs einschließen -> mit oli klären (vielleicht auch nur in troubleshooting oder in separatem kapitel)
